Disclaimer and Attribution
 
The National Renewable Energy Laboratory (“NREL”) is operated for the U.S. Department of Energy (“DOE”) by the Alliance for Sustainable Energy, LLC ("Alliance"). Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is managed and operated by Battelle Memorial Institute ("Battelle") for DOE. As such the following rules apply:
 
This data arose from worked performed under funding provided by the United States Government.  Access to or use of this data ("Data") denotes consent with the fact that this data is provided "AS IS," “WHEREIS” AND SPECIFICALLY FREE FROM ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES SUCH AS MERCHANTABILITY AND/OR  FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Furthermore,  NEITHER THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT NOR ANY OF ITS ASSOCITED ENTITES OR CONTRACTORS INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE DOE/PNNL/NREL/BATTELLE/ALLIANCE ASSUME ANY LEGAL LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF THE DATA, OR REPRESENT THAT ITS USE WOULD NOT INFRINGE PRIVATELY OWNED RIGHTS. NO ENDORSEMENT OF THE DATA OR ANY REPRESENTATIONS MADE IN CONNECTION WITH THE DATA IS PROVIDED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE PROVISION OF THIS DATA;  TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW USER AGREES TO INDEMNIFY DOE/PNNL/NREL/BATTELLE/ALLIANCE AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, AGENTS, AND EMPLOYEES AGAINST ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND RELATED TO USER'S USE OF THE DATA, INCLUDING ANY REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES INCURRED.
 
The user is granted the right, without any fee or cost, to use or copy the Data, provided that this entire notice appears in all copies of the Data.  In the event that user engages in any scientific or technical publication utilizing this data user agrees to credit DOE/PNNL/NREL/BATTELLE/ALLIANCE in any such publication consistent with respective professional practice.
